I don't see the logic in commenting on Claro, she
is exposed to that when you are
commenting on every movement
You think that because I said it the other day
Alberto You think that what they do
now is that they are not only
promoting the stories but also that,
look, I'm going to have dinner at this
restaurant Well, look, I'm going to take a
walk with my boyfriend in the car, I'm
going Here I am on the beach, sit down,
my boyfriend is there writing a book and I
'm taking it alone You think that
in some way it is similar to selling their
life, we can say that they are selling
their life
Well, what I see is that she is me, they are
people who do not want to pay anything,
okay, they are the kings of these
exchanges And well, yes, I hope that
these are advertisements, whether they do it or
influencers do it, whoever it is, this is
advertising and they obtain a series of
advantages for which they do not pay, of course. This
is the story, man selling his life Well, I do
n't know because I rather
understand that you feel that you are an
interview, how about I only see that you
tell intimacies I am rather I
see it as a job that many people
do, influencers  Above all,
things are recommended and such, people
believe them, they trust them and such,
well, she and he, well, they do
this, and of course I don't
really know what the result will be. But
well, at least they
can enjoy these products, but I don't see it as
selling your life, selling your life, I see it more as
look, I'm going to explain to you a part
of my life, I don't know how this that I have
explained to you, mine, about depression,
anxiety, gorophobia, that I would have
told you Javi, I come and I'll explain it to you, but it
's so much, that would be selling,
commenting on it like that, you don't understand. No, I
see, I don't see it, I don't see it, you don't have me, they
were the ones whose
head I could see, but I don't remember if I do
n't want to say a person other than it,
but I think it was Kiko, Kiko
Jiménez and Sofía
who went to the restaurants. And hey,
but I'm that I'll
put a story on Instagram that I
don't pay, it wasn't them, it was them, no, yes, I
think it was Kiko, that happened in Marbella
a few years ago when there was the Star Life
gala and they, well, they had it there,
but of course, a lot of people  He
does it but this looks at the pandemic
and there was a restaurateur who
exposed one of these people who
called him and said I'm coming, I'll
put
300 stories and I'll come eat for free and
the man said Look, we've been closed for
two years because it's in a
community where the restoration was
not open okay And now you want to come and
come for free it's that of course also
people in the end there is a thing also with
this people say I'll put a
story for you, I'll put a publication for you
but really if it gave so much result would
n't they be full of advertising
Those accounts of course I mean a
lot of people go and offer themselves No, I
put a Stories for you And like here and I
put a publication on your
Instagram feed but if it really gave so much
result putting advertising on those
accounts wouldn't everyone be
asking prices to advertise there it
's that of course it depends on the influencer and it
depends on the of course of course there
are influencers and there are influencers
of course there are people who are not because you
look at the accounts in an account if you
follow it for four or five months you will see the
trajectory that it takes that is
perfectly that account  It's not going to
reach 200,000 or 100,000
because for that you have to have something
special. Something that people see you and
follow you. And well, whatever you can say,
I'll put on this look, I'm going to eat here, I'm
going to do this. Well, okay. But in the
end, you'll also be destroying an
Instagram to put up, we had the party
at this place today, Marta put up a
vacuum cleaner too. In the end, you're going to
lose people because I don't think
people want to come, all advertising, I mean,
all the stories are advertising. Well,
I see it in several nursing homes, so
every two or three days, an advertisement at
most, but there are a few days in
between where people are seeing your
content, suddenly, set a goal for
something like that, but that it has to be
a little related to your Target. No, for
example, on the channel here, still on
Telesalseo, I do
n't remember that I've done any
advertising on Telesalseo yet, never, I don't
remember the best, am I
wrong, eh, but it doesn't sound familiar, but for
example, the audience that I have on
Telesalseo is different from the one I have on
the road
and  there well all the promotions that I've
done have to do with
mobile applications with video games with I don't know what
here for example here whoever comes to
advertise a video game is going to
eat what Muhammad ate Because
honestly the target here
90% are women over 40 of the
or so it's another exact Target that yes it
depends a lot not what what so no I
am not from there offering never to see
neither that I am like very famous nor
with many people or anything but man for
example I have more reach than many of
these from sálvame and that they start to
promote nonsense and things but
when the company calls me because they are
interested Then I accept it, I don't
sex it but me and I and offering to see it's
not bad you can but another thing that
you go contacting companies Hey
well Look this no Hey but that you are
eating in a place and at the time of
paying as I was saying I don't know if it will be the
case of Marta eh
that maybe she is counting before
but at the time of paying the data phone Hey
with cash with  card look with
Instagram story that I am yes yes no
well it's that's all a lot of
people do it no And you were saying very well
one thing you can't burn your account with
this and above all think when I
work I like to charge that they give me a
discount perfect welcome but of
course wanting things that you can
perfectly pay for yourself
have to be for free that can't
be because we are talking about small
businesses
costs more for example there are times when there is
a police with one that an advertisement
that makes you some character that costs
more than dinner
may cost more than what it's
worth and it works out and it works out well and it works out
but of course
a little it's a little violent no and today
People were already speculating because
suddenly Marta put some stories
saying that she is in Madrid
however Antonio has stayed in Malaga
and they are starting to talk about crisis
already well
in crisis according to our dear Marina
they are No because
he is fed up with so much control he wants to
leave her But he continues with her for fear of what she is
going to say of course then Well do
you think that now the
information from the other day in
[Music] has affected
them for something do you think that some of the
two have surprised with some of this
information
Well I think Antonio David will have
said well Marta you already got it since
Marina opens and explains this chapter
of our life that was at a
standstill Not clear the situation what
Marina said is very complicated and
really this couple is not going to last
long because if you have a
person who wants to control you everything that
I understood from Marina's explanation
and of course he has already told
people that he is fed up and that he had even
wanted to leave her but that he doesn't let her
because of the fear that she will explain watch out because
this is already big words of course
then really you say this can't
continue much longer of course a lot no no and
then also for another thing is that
they also have other codes that it
is difficult that well it's true Marta doesn't
have children but Antonio David has two
Of course there is a part of family life to
do there because every 15 days the boys
with Antonio David and 15 days with Olga
of course
that too If you are not used to it it is also
difficult to acclimatize and then of course
Marta has been the other then Marta What
happens she says she doesn't go on reality shows
because she distrusts  Of course and with good
reason because she knows Antonio David's modus operandi and she
knows what he does of course
So she says she doesn't want to
leave in itself it's normal but it's a
toxic relationship and it's not healthy for
example a
person very close to this whole story once explained to me
that they said they said you Look if Olga was
trusting that Antonio David told her that
on Sundays he went to see the lawyer
Of course
you imagine of course Marta knows all that
how it works and Marta what So she has
what she wanted she has her boyfriend that she's
very much in love that he is surely too that there are
many feelings but of course
Yes yes but of course Javi can't
live like that with so much control for
her it's not healthy because if she goes What they
said about the hairdresser also what
Maika said How funny that was too Oh
really too
and of course these are things that you
say Of course if I can't even go get
bread and of course she's already suspicious
because she's seen him do it and then she
must be a controlling woman and
wants things done her
way because of course be careful what she said
when  She came to do the
reporter test on Sálvame you don't know who I am, she
told me that it was normal, that it was
normal, who told me that, I don't know, I think it
was the next day when we
put up the debate that we did there, the
next day and there were people who said,
well, it's normal, I mean, if that's what, I
mean, if that's what she has to
offer or like she has some
fame or some substance there. Well, it's
normal that she uses that to sell herself. Of
course, but not as a reporter because
on the contrary, if I'm looking for
reporters, goalkeepers, and a person comes to me
and tells me this, I'm not interested anymore
because I see that what she wants to be is
famous, what's the point of saying, hey, such and such,
obviously not. Of
course she has many peculiarities, it's
true. But well, she also gives us some
minutes of Gloria and we have a good time
and we comment and such. And we also have to be
fair. Well, look, whatever it is, I
hope she recovers, but of course she
has things that attract a lot of attention
too, really,
in fact, this thing that we're talking about
right now, the hairdresser, about when she
comes back from Survivor, I don't know what,
Antonio David,
those  Things were known by
YouTube colleagues who have not wanted to
give Marina a hand Of course,
that is what hurts Marina it is time I
define the couple as I
always like to define it that your partner
is the person that both of you choose to
share Life not to make the
other so that no one
takes over your life but to
share it of course Exactly yes yes yes yes of course
but
look for example a detail that
Marina told she said that when he is in
Madrid that she says to him you
bring me here with the car we are going to go there
we are going to the other side Of course but yes on the
other hand this man is scared of
what he might say that is all
really what you say Well this is what
Marina said I understood it It is not like
what he might say what he could
invent
Yes but he is going to say it of course it has been invented whether it is
real it is something that he is going to
say of course it is something that he is going to say
evidently it is true it has been invented we do
not know because neither she no neither
she nor he has manifested no but that
well I do not know let's see if there are things that
a little bit you also see that they are more on
Marta's part Because in the video that they
made on February 14th of the
lovers there
is a moment when you see that Antonio is like he lets
out a laugh no Or she
starts yes no he
says I don't know where my boyfriend is and
such and he goes and bites and he says Oh honey
calm down it's okay I'm all right Let's say
you're going to be in a room and they're going
to bother you and you say Hey please
leave me alone don't bother me anymore of course of
course I
want to tell you that it's also it's not
But well it's a bothersome situation and
I understand Marina perfectly
Because also if These people have
encouraged her to tell it to tell it and on top of that
now they leave her stranded, well, you will have
lost a good friend, a very
good friend and who always helps and
she always lends herself and Well but
independently of that what
interests us is that she is still here in telesalseo
and that's it
before happening
[Music]